README.md, before:

# gptokeyb2

Gamepad to Keyboard/mouse/xbox360(gamepad) emulator

- Based on code by: [Kris Henriksen](https://github.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts/tree/master/AnberPorts-Joystick) and fake Xbox code from: https://github.com/Emanem/js2xbox
- Modified to use SDL2 by: [Nikolai Wuttke](https://github.com/lethal-guitar) & [Shanti Gilbert](https://github.com/shantigilbert) for https://github.com/EmuELEC/EmuELEC
- Interactive text entry added by [Robin Duxfield](https://github.com/romadu)
- Mostly a complete rewrite by [Jacob Smith](https://github.com/kloptops)

## Build

    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    cmake --build .
    strip gptokeyb

## Usage

```bash
gptokeyb2 "program" -c "controls.ini" &
./program
kill -9 $(pidof gptokeyb2)
```

### Complex Example:

```ini
[config]
deadzone_triggers = 3000
mouse_scale = 6114
mouse_delay = 16
mouse_slow_scale = 30

deadzone_mode = axial
deadzone = 1000
deadzone_scale = 7
deadzone_delay = 16

[controls]
# Clear any defaults
overlay = clear

a = mouse_left                          # Mouse Left
b = mouse_right                         # Mouse Right
x = s                                   # Stop
y = g                                   # Guard

l1 = ctrl                               # Force attack
l2 = shift                              # Add to selection
r1 = mouse_slow                         # Slow mouse
r2 = x                                  # Scatter

back = hold_state hotkey                # back + button combos

up = 1
down = 3
left = 4
right = 2

left_analog = mouse_movement
right_analog = arrow_keys repeat

[controls:hotkey]
overlay = parent

l1 = n                               # Select next unit
l2 = e                               # Select everything on screen
r1 = tab                             # Show/Hide sidebar
r2 = home                            # Center screen on selection

[controls:analog_0]
# Controls for devices with 0 analog sticks.
overlay = controls

# Toggle to dpad_mouse
r1 = push_state dpad_mouse

up = 1
down = 3
left = 4
right = 2

[controls:dpad_mouse]
overlay = controls

# Toggle to back
r1 = pop_state

dpad = mouse_movement
```

Commit message:

More input code work, added upper_case, lower_case, toggle_case options.

README.md, after:

# GamePad TO KeyBoard 2

Gamepad to Keyboard/mouse/xbox360(gamepad) emulator

- Based on code by: [Kris Henriksen](https://github.com/krishenriksen/AnberPorts/tree/master/AnberPorts-Joystick) and fake Xbox code from: https://github.com/Emanem/js2xbox
- Modified to use SDL2 by: [Nikolai Wuttke](https://github.com/lethal-guitar) & [Shanti Gilbert](https://github.com/shantigilbert) for https://github.com/EmuELEC/EmuELEC
- Interactive text entry added by [Robin Duxfield](https://github.com/romadu)
- Mostly a complete rewrite by [Jacob Smith](https://github.com/kloptops)

## About

`gptokeyb2` is a fairly big rewrite of `gptokeyb`. It uses a finite state machine (FSM) and a better configuration system. The new FSM allows much more complex control schemes, allowing greater possibilities in controlling ports.

Features:
- multiple controller layouts that can be moved between.
- customizable text input engine


While `gptokeyb2` has a lot more flexibility, it is also backwards compatible with `gptokeyb`, allowing an easy drop in replacement of the older program without any extra work.




## Build

    mkdir build
    cd build
    cmake ..
    cmake --build .
    strip gptokeyb2

## Usage

```bash
./gptokeyb2 "program" -c "controls.ini" &
./program
kill -9 $(pidof gptokeyb2)
```

### Complex Example:

```ini
[config]
deadzone_triggers = 3000
mouse_scale = 6114
mouse_delay = 16
mouse_slow_scale = 30

deadzone_mode = axial
deadzone = 1000
deadzone_scale = 7
deadzone_delay = 16

[controls]
# Clear any defaults
overlay = clear

a = mouse_left                          # Mouse Left
b = mouse_right                         # Mouse Right
x = s                                   # Stop
y = g                                   # Guard

l1 = ctrl                               # Force attack
l2 = shift                              # Add to selection
r1 = mouse_slow                         # Slow mouse
r2 = x                                  # Scatter

back = hold_state hotkey                # back + button combos

up = 1
down = 3
left = 4
right = 2

left_analog = mouse_movement
right_analog = arrow_keys repeat

[controls:hotkey]
overlay = parent

l1 = n                               # Select next unit
l2 = e                               # Select everything on screen
r1 = tab                             # Show/Hide sidebar
r2 = home                            # Center screen on selection

[controls:analog_0]
# Controls for devices with 0 analog sticks.
overlay = controls

# Toggle to dpad_mouse
r1 = push_state dpad_mouse

up = 1
down = 3
left = 4
right = 2

[controls:dpad_mouse]
overlay = controls

# Toggle to back
r1 = pop_state

dpad = mouse_movement
```
